Wall Street greed is good
Please get Gordon Gekko’s “Greed, for lack of a better word, is good” speech from Wall Street.

Dead Poets Society seize the day
Please get John Keating’s “Carpe diem / seize the day” classroom speech from Dead Poets Society.

The Road Not Taken
Please get the full poem The Road Not Taken by Robert Frost.

O Captain My Captain
Please get the full poem O Captain! My Captain! by Walt Whitman.


Batch 2

Still I Rise
Please get the full poem Still I Rise by Maya Angelou.

If
Please get the full poem If— by Rudyard Kipling.

Desiderata
Please get the full text of Desiderata by Max Ehrmann.

Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Night
Please get the full poem Do Not Go Gentle into That Good Night by Dylan Thomas.

Rocky Balboa father-to-son speech
Please get Rocky Balboa’s speech to his son from Rocky Balboa, the “it ain’t about how hard you hit” speech.

Any Given Sunday inches speech
Please get Coach Tony D’Amato’s locker-room “inches” speech from Any Given Sunday.

The Great Dictator final speech
Please get Charlie Chaplin’s final speech from The Great Dictator, the closing speech calling for humanity, freedom, kindness, and democracy.


Batch 3

Good Will Hunting park bench speech
Please get Sean Maguire’s park bench speech to Will from Good Will Hunting, the monologue about lived experience, love, loss, and not really knowing a person from books.

Network mad as hell speech
Please get Howard Beale’s “mad as hell” speech from Network, where he tells people to get up, open the window, and shout that they’re not going to take it anymore.

Before Sunrise train speech
Please get Jesse’s train-platform speech from Before Sunrise, where he asks Céline to get off the train with him in Vienna.

Casablanca hill of beans speech
Please get Rick’s final speech to Ilsa from Casablanca, the one ending with “the problems of three little people don’t amount to a hill of beans.”

A Few Good Men you can’t handle the truth
Please get Colonel Jessup’s “You can’t handle the truth” courtroom speech from A Few Good Men.

Dead Poets Society seize the day
Please get John Keating’s “Carpe diem / seize the day” classroom speech from Dead Poets Society.

The Family Man airport speech
Please get Jack Campbell’s final airport speech to Kate from The Family Man, the “I choose us” speech.


Batch 4

Gettysburg Address
Please get Abraham Lincoln’s Gettysburg Address.

Ain’t I a Woman
Please get Sojourner Truth’s “Ain’t I a Woman?” speech.

The Ballot or the Bullet
Please get the strongest usable section of Malcolm X’s “The Ballot or the Bullet” speech.

Second Inaugural Address
Please get Abraham Lincoln’s Second Inaugural Address, or the strongest central section if that is clearer.

We Shall Fight on the Beaches
Please get Winston Churchill’s “We Shall Fight on the Beaches” speech, or the most famous closing section if that is the clearest usable passage.

The Man in the Arena
Please get Theodore Roosevelt’s “Man in the Arena” passage from Citizenship in a Republic, beginning “It is not the critic who counts.”

Friends, Romans, countrymen
Please get Mark Antony’s “Friends, Romans, countrymen” speech from Julius Caesar.


Batch 5

Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow
Please get Macbeth’s “Tomorrow, and tomorrow, and tomorrow” speech from Macbeth.

All the world’s a stage
Please get Jaques’ “All the world’s a stage” speech from As You Like It.

What a piece of work is man
Please get Hamlet’s “What a piece of work is a man” speech from Hamlet.

Once more unto the breach
Please get King Henry’s “Once more unto the breach” speech from Henry V.

Invictus
Please get the full poem Invictus by William Ernest Henley.

The Road Not Taken
Please get the full poem The Road Not Taken by Robert Frost.

Wear Sunscreen
Please get the Wear Sunscreen essay by Mary Schmich, the text commonly known from the Baz Luhrmann spoken-word version.


Batch 6

Amazing Grace
Please get the full lyrics of Amazing Grace.

Hallelujah
Please get Leonard Cohen’s Hallelujah lyrics, or the most famous complete version if there are multiple common versions.

Lose Yourself
Please get Eminem’s Lose Yourself lyrics.

Man in the Mirror
Please get Michael Jackson’s Man in the Mirror lyrics.

Rise Up
Please get Andra Day’s Rise Up lyrics.

You Say
Please get Lauren Daigle’s You Say lyrics.

The Nights
Please get Avicii’s The Nights lyrics.


Batch 7

Eric Thomas how bad do you want it
Please get the “How bad do you want it?” motivational speech by Eric Thomas, or the strongest core section if there are multiple versions.

Eric Thomas when you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe
Please get Eric Thomas’s “When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe” speech.

David Goggins taking souls
Please get a strong usable section from David Goggins on “taking souls.”

David Goggins cookie jar
Please get a strong usable section from David Goggins explaining the “cookie jar” idea.

Steve Jobs Stanford commencement
Please get Steve Jobs’s 2005 Stanford commencement speech, or the strongest central section.

Admiral McRaven make your bed
Please get Admiral William H. McRaven’s “Make Your Bed” commencement speech, or the strongest central section.

J.K. Rowling fringe benefits of failure
Please get J.K. Rowling’s Harvard speech section on “the fringe benefits of failure.”


